docs(config): Document best-practice of not ending with _config in config spec (#23866)
vectordotdev/vector: docs/specs/configuration.md

  following abbreviations for time units: `_secs`, `_ms`, `_ns`.
- SHOULD consistent with units within the same scope. (e.g., don't mix seconds and milliseconds)
- MUST NOT repeat the name space in the option name (e.g., `fingerprint.bytes` instead of `fingerprint.fingerprint_bytes`)

> - MUST NOT end with `_config` suffix as this is redundant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUST NOT end with `_config` suffix. Historically, we have avoided appending this suffix, so please follow the same pattern for consistency. Note that this also applies to config fields that contain nested fields.
```
